Add Documentation for the CLI mode (#19)
wso2-extensions/identity-tools-cli: docs/resource-propagation.md

# Resource Propagation across Multiple Environments

This section describes how the IAM-CTL tool can be used to continously propagate resources across multiple environments.

### Recommended workflow

> Here is the recommended workflow to use the tool to manage resources, if multiple environments exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the recommended workflow for managing resources using the tool when multiple environments exist:
```

> 1. Have separate Identity Servers for each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Have separate WSO2 Identity Server instances for each environment.
```

2. Create a separate config folder for each environment with the relevant server details and other configurations.
3. Export resources from the lower environment to a local directory, which would be the common resource configuration directory for all environments.

> 4. If there are environment specific variables, add keyword placeholders to the exported files and add the relevant keyword mapping to the tool configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If there are environment specific variables, add keyword placeholders to the exported files, and add the relevant keyword mapping to the tool configs.
```

5. Use the import command to deploy the resources from the local directory to higher environments.

> 6. When new changes are added to the lower environment, export the resources again to update the local resource configurations and import them to back to higher environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. When new changes are added to the lower environment, export the resources again to update the local resource configurations and import them back to higher environments.
```
